Scene 1
"Using this tool you can easily update CNC12 for Acorn, AcornSix, and Hickory (with wizard) and transfer your settings to the new version. Be mindful that this tool does not set anything new that is added. It is your responsibility as the updater to familiarize yourself with any changes made between the old version and new and adjust settings accordingly.This tool does not take into account your customized PLC, VCP, Macros, etc."

Scene 2
"1. We need to rename the current cnc* directory in the C: drive based on the type of machine it is:  Mill = 'old cncm'  Lathe = 'old cnct'  Router = 'old cncr'  Plasma = 'old cncp'  Laser = 'old cncl' Even if your directory previously was 'cncm,' it needs to be renamed to 'old cncr' if it's a router or 'old cncp' if it's plasma.2. Download the latest CNC12 installer from the Centroid website and install it.3. Start CNC12 and it will first update the firmware on the board.4. After the firmware updates, power cycle the board and restart CNC12.5. Open the wizard by going to F7 - Utility &gt; F10 - Wizard.6. Click the 'Write Settings to CNC Control Configuration' button.7. Click 'Yes' to confirm you'd like to save the settings and follow the prompts.8. Close CNC12 and move on to the next screen."

Scene 3
"1. Start CNC12.2. Your previous License will have been transferred, but if for any reason you need to install a License do that now by going to: F7 - Utility > F8 - CNC12 License > F8 - Import License.3. Open the wizard by going to F7 - Utility > F10 - Wizard.4. Navigate to the 'Input Definitions' section and find and click the 'Advanced I/O Configuration' button.5. Switch to the Custom tab and select 'Previous_IO.'6. Click the green 'Load Preset' button near the bottom of the wizard screen.7. Select 'Yes' to confirm you want to load this I/O preset.DO NOT close CNC12 or the wizard yet.You may now move on to the next screen. "

Scene 4
"1. Navigate to the 'Centroid USB-BOB' section of the wizard.2. Within the wizard, drag and drop the USB-BOB inputs as you see them in the list below. (Scroll through the list below if you can't see them all)Once all of the inputs are in place move on to the next screen."

Scene 5
"Now that all of your I/O is loaded, we can now save our changes.1. Click the 'Write Settings to CNC Control Configuration' button found in the bottom right of the wizard screen.2. Click 'Yes' to confirm you'd like to write the settings.3. Click 'OK' to acknowledge the warning about PLC changes.4. Power cycle the board.5. Wait for CNC12 to be closed and the board to reboot, while the wizard will still be open with the confirmation message on the screen.6. Before pressing 'OK' to the wizard confirmation message move on to the next screen."

Scene 6
"To finish the update click 'OK' to the wizard confirmation message.CNC12 will now restart and the update is compete!Remember that it is the responsibility of the updater to ensure everything works correctly. Take the time to test things out to be sure they're setup as they should be.ATCs will need to be re-initialized and Plasma users will need to re-calibrate the torch.Job files, custom macros, and VCP modifications should be copied over if you'd like to keep them.Custom macros may need to be re applied to the Aux keys if they previously were. Do this in the 'VCP Aux Keys' section of the wizard."